security: add SSB-2026-002 (Dirty Frag / Fragnesia) (#3750)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/security/bulletins/2026-05-13-SSB-2026-002.md

## Incident Analysis

### Dirty Frag (CVE-2026-43284 and CVE-2026-43500)

Disclosed publicly on May 7th, 2026, the two Dirty Frag vulnerabilities affect the Linux kernel page cache mechanism:

- **CVE-2026-43284** — introduced in January 2017, affects the `xfrm-ESP` subsystem. It provides a write-what-where primitive into page-cache-backed memory via IPsec packet processing.
- **CVE-2026-43500** — introduced in June 2023, affects the RxRPC subsystem. It provides a similar primitive in environments where the first CVE is blocked.

Chaining both vulnerabilities allows an unprivileged user to overwrite in-memory contents of privileged binaries (such as `/usr/bin/su`) in the kernel page cache, without modifying the file on disk. Exploitation does not require a race condition, making it highly reliable. A public proof-of-concept was released at time of disclosure.

Exploiting these vulnerabilities requires local code execution on an affected host, which is possible on Scalingo application nodes and builders, but not on database and other nodes.

> Scalingo's security team attempted to reproduce the exploit on our platform and was unable to do so. The exploit obtains `CAP_NET_ADMIN` by first creating an unprivileged user namespace (`CLONE_NEWUSER`), not by having it granted directly. Docker's default seccomp profile, which Scalingo uses without modification, blocks both `unshare` and `clone(CLONE_NEWUSER)` for containers that do not hold `CAP_SYS_ADMIN`. Scalingo containers are started without `CAP_SYS_ADMIN`, which means user namespace creation is blocked by seccomp, preventing the exploit from acquiring `CAP_NET_ADMIN` and proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scalingo's security team attempted to reproduce the exploit on our platform and was unable to do so. The exploit obtains `CAP_NET_ADMIN` by first creating an unprivileged user namespace (`CLONE_NEWUSER`), not by having it granted directly. Scalingo container configuration blocks both `unshare` and `clone(CLONE_NEWUSER)` for containers that do not hold `CAP_SYS_ADMIN`. Scalingo containers are started without `CAP_SYS_ADMIN`, which means user namespace creation is blocked by seccomp, preventing the exploit from acquiring `CAP_NET_ADMIN` and proceeding.
```
